Game Title: Real Rubik's Cube

How to Setup:
Following packages are required for the game compilation:
1. SDL 2.0.5
2. SDL image 2.0.10
3. SDL mixer 2.0.15
4. SDL TTF 2.0.15

How to Play:
Click on the "start game" button to start game from a shuffled cube and try making "moves" to solve it. To pause the game a
t any point while playing click on the "To menu" button. To leave the game while playing, navigate to the menu from the 
pause screen.

How to Save Game:
To save the current progress while in playing mode, click on the "save game" button.

How to Load Game:
To load the last saved game, click on the "load game" button while in playing mode. Doing so however will lost your current
game progress.

How to Toggle Between "Number Cube" and "Empty Square Cube":
Click on the difficulty level button from the menu screen. Select "Master" mode for number cube or "Novice" mode for empty
square cube.

How to Quit Game:
Click on the "Quit" button from menu screen to quit game.

Credits:
Shams Arfeen: as team lead
Abdullah Arif
Sabihul Hasan
Arsalan Shoaib

About Team Work:
Hours spent individually by each member are as follows:
S. Arfeen: 25 hours
A. Arif: 18 hours
S. Hasan: 18 hours
A. Shoiab: 19 hours
Additional 8 hours were spent in combined works by the team.

Individual Contributions:

Shams Arfeen:
1. Setup of 3D engine in the game.
2. 3D Objects animation, designing, and preview of surface texture and rendering.
3. Detection if cube is solved.
2. Loading and saving game 50%.
4. 60% Progress videos and assignments submission

Abdullah Arif:
1. 3D points, surfaces, and wireframe methods and data handling organization.
2. User interaction with the 3D objects such as rotation preview and solving options.
3. Pause screen and in-game screen handler.

Sabihul Hasan:
1. Spin moves of the Rubrik's cube using build factory design pattern 50% contirbution.
2. Menu screens and buttons handlers.
3. 40% Progress videos.

Arsalan Shoaib:
1. Spin moves of the Rubrik's cube using build factory design pattern 50% contirbution.
2. Loading and saving game 50%. 
3. Music and sound implementation.
4. UML daigrams.

For more exact work division, please see UML diagram.

Link for the Project's youtube channel:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEhPVW1KPRLRi4AOxZR34ryHtFxsVvRxH